Created a sub-dir for Agent-based Installer with a proposed TOC (#48673)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-bare-metal-agent-installer-config-yaml.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

//* installing-with-agent/installing-with-agent.adoc
// Re-used content from Sample install-config.yaml file for bare metal without conditionals

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installation-bare-metal-agent-installer-config-yaml_{context}"]
= Sample install-config.yaml file for bare metal

You can customize the `install-config.yaml` file to specify more details about your {product-title} cluster's platform or modify the values of the required parameters.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: example.com <1>
compute: <2>
- hyperthreading: Enabled <3>
  name: worker
  replicas: 0 <4>
controlPlane: <2>
  hyperthreading: Enabled <3>
  name: master
  replicas: 3 <5>
metadata:
  name: test <6>
networking:
  clusterNetwork:
  - cidr: 10.128.0.0/14 <7>
    hostPrefix: 23 <8>
  networkType: OpenShiftSDN <9>
  serviceNetwork: <10>

>   - 172.30.0.0/16

Author: @bfournie I think that is part of the scope of https://issues.redhat.com/browse/AGENT-189.

>   - 172.30.0.0/16

Reviewer: OK

----
<1> The base domain of the cluster. All DNS records must be sub-domains of this base and include the cluster name.
<2> The `controlPlane` section is a single mapping, but the `compute` section is a sequence of mappings. To meet the requirements of the different data structures, the first line of the `compute` section must begin with a hyphen, `-`, and the first line of the `controlPlane` section must not. Only one control plane pool is used.
<3> Specifies whether to enable or disable simultaneous multithreading (SMT), or hyperthreading. By default, SMT is enabled to increase the performance of the cores in your machines. You can disable it by setting the parameter value to `Disabled`. If you disable SMT, you must disable it in all cluster machines; this includes both control plane and compute machines.

+
[NOTE]
====
Simultaneous multithreading (SMT) is enabled by default. If SMT is not enabled in your BIOS settings, the `hyperthreading` parameter has no effect.
====
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you disable `hyperthreading`, whether in the BIOS or in the `install-config.yaml` file, ensure that your capacity planning accounts for the dramatically decreased machine performance.
====

> <4> You must set this value to `0` when you install {product-title} on user-provisioned infrastructure. In installer-provisioned installations, the parameter controls the number of compute machines that the cluster creates and manages for you. In user-provisioned installations, you must manually deploy the compute machines before you finish installing the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<4> This parameter controls the number of compute machines that the Agent based installation will wait to discover before triggering the start of the installation process. It is the amount of compute nodes one should boot with the generated ISO.
```

+
[NOTE]
====
Class E CIDR range is reserved for a future use. To use the Class E CIDR range, you must ensure your networking environment accepts the IP addresses within the Class E CIDR range.
====
+
<8> The subnet prefix length to assign to each individual node. For example, if `hostPrefix` is set to `23`, then each node is assigned a `/23` subnet out of the given `cidr`, which allows for 510 (2^(32 - 23) - 2) pod IP addresses. If you are required to provide access to nodes from an external network, configure load balancers and routers to manage the traffic.
<9> The cluster network provider Container Network Interface (CNI) plug-in to install. The supported values are `OVNKubernetes` (default value) and `OpenShiftSDN` .
<10> The IP address pool to use for service IP addresses. You can enter only one IP address pool. This block must not overlap with existing physical networks. If you need to access the services from an external network, configure load balancers and routers to manage the traffic.

> <11> You must set the platform to `none`. You cannot provide additional platform configuration variables for

Reviewer 2: The platform must be set to none only for Single Node OpenShift. We can also deploy with baremetal and vSphere

Author: yes correct

+
[WARNING]
====
Red Hat Virtualization does not currently support installation with user-provisioned infrastructure on the oVirt platform. Therefore, you must set the platform to `none`, allowing {product-title} to identify each node as a bare-metal node and the cluster as a bare-metal cluster. This is the same as xref:../../installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.adoc#installing-platform-agnostic[installing a cluster on any platform], and has the following limitations:

. There will be no cluster provider so you must manually add each machine and there will be no node scaling capabilities.
. The oVirt CSI driver will not be installed and there will be no CSI capabilities.

> ====

Reviewer 2: This warning above is irrelevant to our use case, since we do not support the oVirt platform at the moment.

Author: addressed
